
Design Notes for the AstroCam Sensor Module

-- RJ-45 socket

Choose an RJ-45 socket with shielding and two integrated GREEN
LEDs. One of the LEDs is turned on when the SerDes receiver achieves
lock, and the other turns on when the FPGA DONE signal goes high. This
should give an easy visual indication to the user that the cable
connection is solid and the units are linked together. And example of
a viable part is the EDAC A20 series of connectors.

-- DS92LV16 SerDes

The SerDes in the sensor module uses the 40MHz sensor clock for TCLK
and REFCLK. That obviously means that the data path is 40MHz in both
directions. Note that the RCLK that clocks the data that the SerDes
receives from the wire is not necessarily the same as the REFCLK (or
the system clock) but is close. Still, this is the clock that the FPGA
must used to clock data from the SerDes into the FPGA.

The /LOCK signal from the SerDes is fed back to the SYNC input. This
causes the transmit side to automatically force a resync as long as
the receiver is not locked. So when the cable is first hooked up, the
SerDes /LOCK output is high, forcing it to SYNC transmit
synchronization words back. This continues until the receiver locks.

-- FPGA Reboot

The PROG_B input to the FPGA is connected to one of the pairs of the
connecttor, and also through a pulldown to ground. If the cable is
removed, the FPGA PROG_B falls low, forcing the FPGA into reset. It is
also possible for the remote to pull the PROG_B low to explicitly
reset the FPGA.

Once reset, the FPGA M[2:0] bits are pulled to select Slave Parallel
mode. The D[7:0] input are conveniently connected to the SerDes, along
with the CSI_B and RDWR_B bits. The CCLK is connected directly to the
RCLK (receiver clock) from the SerDes. The remote programs the FPGA by
writing configuration words through the SerDes to the FPGA.
